---
layout: single
title: "2023-10-24 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2023-10-24
excerpt: "24 Oct 2023 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2023 October 10, 10:00 (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of [September 26 minutes]([https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2023-09-26/])
3. Genomics workshop recap (Aida and Cory)
4. IFAS reports (Cory)
5. Budget documents & amounts (Audrey and Ike)
6. Elections schedule
7. Instructor training offers
8. Sponsorship emails
9. Discussion of Listserve & contact lists (Cory and Flora)
10. Discuss future workshops
11. Other

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Audrey, Flora, Cory, Vaasuki, Ke
    - **Chair:** Audrey
    - **Secretary:** Vaasuki

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions
* We did not do introductions since we had only board members attend the meeting.

### Approval of [October 10 minutes]([https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2023-10-10/])
* Minutes approved

### Locally organized workshops reporting instructors and helpers
* Audrey will look into the notifications from central carpentries organization.

### Genomics workshop recap (Aida and Cory)
* Pushed to the next meeting as Aida 
* Will have more discussion when Aida is available as she has detailed notes.
* Want to make sure we have good balance of helpers for the workshop.
* Consider renaming the workshop as R studio for genomicists? 
* The name of the workshop should be broad and general for reaching maximum audience. 
* Getting the schedule for workshops a semester in advance can help in better optimization. 

### IFAS reports (Cory)
* Pushed to the next meeting as Cory will come back to it by then.

### Budget documents & amounts (Audrey and Ike)
* We will need money to renew membership with international organization
* We need to reach out to more departments so their collages can sponsor us - stay on it
* Possibly restructure the budget
* Audrey heard back from couple of people. 
* Ike left the club, so need to fill in that spot for budgeting by UF Informatics. 
* Make a template for the budget (Cory will attend to it).

### Elections schedule
* Google form is still open and applicants will be considered on a rolling basis.
* Existing board members and one another (total 4) have self-nominated for the board.  

### Instructor training offers
* We are going to have to wait until our sponsorships comes through. 
* What is the deadline for renewing our membership with the central organization? (Ke will find out by emailing them)
* We are not listed on their website as a current member!

### Sponsorship emails
* Nothing to update for now. 
* Cory will give a reminder for folks to reach out again to the sponsors for an update. 

### Discussion of Listserve & contact lists (Cory and Flora)
* Pushed to the next meeting.

### Discuss future workshops
* This is on hold for now, we do not have any workshops lined up for the semester. 
* Audrey emailed asking for dates for the centrally organized libraries workshop in November. Still waiting on an update from central organization. We decided on pushing it to early spring 2024.

### Other
* 

### Next Board Meeting
* Chair: Audrey
* Secretary: Vaasuki
* Date: October 24, 2023
* Schedule: 10-11 am (EST)

